REVIEW - update docs (#134)
makerdao/endgame-docs: maker-core/cvc.md

# Constitutional Voter Committees (CVCs)

Constitutional Voter Committees (CVCs) are organized groups of MKR holders who have a shared vision for the protocol. They produce and publish documentation communicating their vision and strategy which is used by Constitutional Delegates to direct the evolution of the Maker Protocol.
## Overview

> {% hint style="warning" %}

Reviewer: Keep the warning but change to: {% hint style="warning" %} This documentation describes ongoing changes in functionality and processes. Be aware that parts may be inaccurate or out of date. {% endhint %}

Each AVC produces Aligned Governance Strategy documents and Aligned Scope Proposals to update the [Scope Artifacts](https://endgame.makerdao.com/maker-core/list-of-scopes). This set of documents provide general guidelines for how Aligned Delegates (ADs) that follow their governance strategy should vote.

AVCs are one type of Voter Committee. AVCs must have at least one member who is an [Alignment Conserver (AC)](https://endgame.makerdao.com/maker-core/tbc-governance/constitutional-conservers) and a verified MKR holder. They are subject to eligibility requirements.

## Purpose

> AVCs exist to represent the interest of MKR holders. They are responsible to creating documentation to inform Maker holders and align governance with the focus areas of the Maker Protocol. Delegates must follow these strategies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AVCs exist to represent the shared interests and vision of particular groups of MKR holders. AVCs are responsible of creating documentation to inform MKR holders and align governance with the focus areas of the Maker Protocol. Delegates must follow these strategies.
```
Maybe?
